the victory for consumers tonight the
man at the center of the perfect auto
case is being held accountable for
intentionally ripping off his customers
and judge made the decision today now
you may remember the i-team first
reported the Attorney General's
investigation of the auto repair
franchise more than four years ago and
tonight i team reporter Colleen McCarty
has the resolution later when the i-team
first rode undercover with state
investigators it was back in 2006 and we
watched perfect auto employees time and
time again charged for parts and
services that weren't provided a common
sense suggests the ripoffs were more
than a mere coincidence the state
attorney general's office gathered
evidence of a common scheme among 11
perfect auto locations and dubbed one
man Feker g the mastermind behind an
effort to scam his customers the her G
insisted during recent court hearings
that he was only a consultant with the
company Judge Mark Denton disagreed and
a 10-page ruling the judge found the
state provided substantial evidence that
her G controls all Nevada perfect auto
locations even though his name doesn't
appear on any corporate paperwork as
such her G is liable for nearly $120,000
in restitution to consumers and another
$100,000 in fines but perhaps the
harshest penalty is a permanent ban
against her G's participation in the
auto repair industry unless he does so
aboveboard it is important because it
sets the it sets the standard of
properly conducting business in our
state and we have to continue to cook to
protect our consumers and by this
decision I think that's a big step in
that direction
her G must also pay 75 thousand dollars
in attorneys fees to the state so what
does this mean for consumers who think
they got a raw deal at perfect auto this
ruling only provides restitution for
those consumers already named in the
state's case meaning if you haven't been
in contact with the Attorney General
during the last few years you will not
receive any money however if you do have
a complaint against perfect auto or any
auto repair franchise you can contact
the State Department of Motor Vehicles
they have a compliance enforcement
division that
goes out and checks these things out
Thanks coming